[MUSIC PLAYING]
ROB DODSON: Hey,
everybody, what's up?
It's Rob Dodson.
Welcome back to
the Polycast show.
So today, we're
going to be talking
about doing asynchronous
actions using Polymer Redux.
And to do this, we're going
to use a little library called
Redux Thunk.
So Redux Thunk, in a
nutshell, basically
teaches Redux to treat certain
kinds of actions as functions.
So I can give it a
function, and it'll run it
as if it's any other action.
And inside of that
function, I can
do all sorts of cool
asynchronous work,
and I can share those
functions amongst
my different components.
So that way I don't have
to duplicate that work
all over the place.
So I'll teach you how to
do that as well today.
So follow me over here
to my text editor.
And the first thing we're
going to do actually
is bust open the terminal.
And inside of our
project, we're just
going to npm install dash
dash save redux thunk.
And I've already
got Polymer Redux,
and I've got Redux installed
from the previous episodes.
So if you haven't
seen that episode,
definitely go check that out.
We'll include a link to it,
and maybe a little picture
and picture window
will pop up somewhere.
Go check out that episode.
Over here, though,
we're just going
to install Redux Thunk from NPM.
I've already got it set
up, so we're good to go.
The next thing I'm going to do
is go over to my text editor.
And here, I'll pump
this up a little
bit to make it a
bit easier to read.
And I'm going to start off
by creating a redux store.
So here I am importing
Polymer Redux.
And then I've got
a script element
inside of this HTML
import called redux store.
And the first thing I usually
do is create some initial state.
So I'll say const initial state.
And what we're
going to build today
is a really, really,
really simple example.
It's just going to
be like a little form
that someone can type in a
user name and click Sign Up.
And then it's going to go
off and do a little bit
of asynchronous work.
And when that work
is done, it'll
display that person's name.
So while it's doing the
work, it'll be like loading.
And then once
they're done, it'll
be like, welcome, so and so.
Whatever username they put in.
So our initial state here,
we'll say loading is false.
And we'll give it a name.
That's got initialState.
Say loading is false.
And username equals null.
Cool.
So once I have my
initial state in place,
the next thing I want to
do is write a reducer.
So reducer is going to take in
the actions that are dispatched
and modify our state.
So we'll say reducer is
a function that takes
state and action as arguments.
We'll say, hey, if there
was no state passed in,
then we will return
our initial state.
Otherwise, we're going to
switch on the action type.
So we'll switch action.type.
So the first action that
we'll be looking for
is SIGN_UP_STARTED.
And we're going to just
return our state object.
And as is the typical
Redux pattern,
we're going to make a
clone of that state object.
And we're going to mutate the
loading flag inside of there.
So we'll say return
object assign.
And we'll pass in
an empty object.
We'll pass in our state to copy
it over into that empty object.
And then we'll pass
in loading true.
So someone says sign up started.
We're just going to
display a loading message.
The other thing we're
going to do here
is we'll have sign up completed.
We're going to do
something very similar.
We're going to
return object.assign.
Pass in empty object.
Pass in the state.
And then the two things
we're going to do here
is we're going to set
loading back to false.
And we're also going
to assume that someone
is going to pass in the
username as part of that action.
So we're going to say username
is equal to action.username.
So this is our very
simple reducer,
just handling a couple
of asynchronous states.
Once we have that in place,
we need to create our store.
Do it this way so I
don't make a typo.
There we go.
So store equals
redux create store.
We're going to pass
it the reducer.
And then we're going to
call redux applyMiddleware
and give it this
ReduxThunk thing.
And again, Redux Thunk
is going to teach
our store and our
dispatcher to take
a function in certain cases and
treat it as if it is an action.
So you can still
dispatch regular actions,
just like we did in
the previous episode.
But you can also dispatch
a function now, or give it
to the dispatcher, and
it will run that function
and it'll actually treat it
like it's its own action.
But that way, we can do
a bunch of async work
inside of that function.
So we're going to create
our store that way.
We're going to create
a redux behavior.
So we'll say const ReduxBehavior
equals Polymer Redux.
We'll pass it the store.
And then I want to create
another behavior that's
going to contain my
asynchronous actions.
So in the last episode,
one of the things I did
was I actually hard
coded the action dispatch
to the component that
I was working with.
And you know, the
issue with that
is if you have more
than one component that
needs to dispatch
the same action, that
would be annoying and repetitive
to have to implement that
in every single component.
So what we can do is we
can create a behavior
for the actions object
that Polymer Redux uses,
and we can share that
amongst any components that
want to dispatch these
particular actions.
So I'm going to create
a new behavior called
AsyncActionsBehavior.
This is just going
to be an object.
It is going to have an
actions object on it.
And the action that
we're going to be doing
is just going to be
called signupWithTimeout.
So we're not actually going to
go talk to an API or anything.
To simulate an
asynchronous action,
I'm just going to write
a setTimeout inside
of this action creator.
So our action will
be signupWithTimeout.
It's a function that is going to
take as an argument a username.
And it's going to return
a function that takes
a dispatcher as an argument.
So that's going to be the
actual redux dispatcher.
Basically, Redux Thunk
is going to handle
passing that dispatcher into
this return function for us.
And then we just want to
dispatch a few actions.
So the first thing we'll do is
we'll call dispatcher.dispatch.
Let's see.
Let me make sure I
do this right here.
Really quick.
So we're passing in dispatch.
Oh, ah.
This is what I got wrong.
I knew I was doing
something wrong.
Instead of passing in
the dispatcher object,
we're just passing in
the dispatch method.
So we don't actually have
to say dispatcher.dispatch.
We just say dispatch.
And the first we'll do is
we'll dispatch an action.
An action whose type
is SIGN_UP_STARTED.
So this is going to kick off
our asynchronous process.
And then we're going
to do a setTimeout.
So setTimeout.
Give it a function here.
Say wait maybe 3,000 seconds.
And then instead
of this function,
we're going to dispatch
another action.
This time, we'll assume that
our asynchronous sign up process
is completed.
Our server responded
or whatever.
So we'll say SIGN_UP_COMPLETED.
And then we're going
to say username
is equal to this username
value that was passed in here.
So username is
equal to username.
I think that looks
about right to me.
So what we're going
to be able to do now
is share this behavior
amongst components,
and then those
components can just
say this.dispatch
signupWithTimeout.
And they can pass
in a username value,
and then it'll go do all this
asynchronous work or whatever.
And then eventually that
will update our state.
So let's actually
go implement that.
I'm going to create a little
sign up form component.
So I've got a signupform.html
that I've created here.
I'm already importing Polymer.
I'm already importing
our redux store.
So I will just stub out Polymer
element called sign-up-form.
Inside of here,
we're going to have
a label for our username field.
So let's see.
Input type equals text.
So we'll say username.
Fill that in there.
And then we'll have a
button where we say Sign Up.
And whenever someone
taps this button,
we will call our
sign up function.
And down here, we're
going to implement
that sign up function.
And this will be
pretty straightforward.
We're just going to say
let username equal--
let's see.
Let's give this
input text an ID.
So we'll say ID
user or something.
So we'll say user name
equals this.$ user.value.
And then we'll say
this.dispatch signupWithTimeout,
and we'll pass in that username.
Now, we need to also
make sure that we
are mixing in the correct
behaviors for this element.
So we empower it with
cool Redux abilities.
So we'll say behaviors.
I'm so going to
spell this wrong.
There we go.
Behaviors.
We want to make sure that
we put in the ReduxBehavior.
I think it's just
called ReduxBehavior.
Let's check our
store really quick.
So ReduxBehavior and
AsyncActionsBehavior.
I'm going to copy
both these so that I
don't make any typos here.
So we'll drop that in.
We'll say want ReduxBehavior.
I'll say I want
AsyncActionsBehavior.
So now what this
has done is if you
watched the previous episode,
we actually gave our action
dispatching element
an actions object,
like a properties object.
In this case, though, we're
just sharing that because we've
got that AsyncActionsBehavior.
And we've already defined
the actions object there.
So that's just going to get
shared with this component.
So it can just call dispatch.
It can reference this
signupWithTimeout action
creator.
And then it will do
all this work for us.
So I think that this
looks good so far.
Now, the next thing
I want to do is
I want to create another
element to just display
the state as it's being
updated inside of our app.
So I'm going to create
another element just called
notification bar.
It says notificationbar.html.
Just like the last one, we're
going to import Polymer.
And we're going to
import the redux store.
And start to stub this one out.
So we'll say notification bar.
And this one is actually
going to have some properties.
So properties.
And these are going to be
coming from our redux store.
So the first property
is going to just
be loading type Boolean.
And then remember from
the last episode the way
that we reference something
in the redux store
is we used this
statePath property.
So statePath.
In this case, because it's like
right on the root store object,
we can just say the
statePath is loading.
But again, if it was nested,
if it was a foo.bar.loading,
we could reference it
this way using dots.
But we're just going
to say loading.
And we're also going
to say the username is
going to be passed in.
So that is just
going to be a string.
And again, the
statePath for that
will just be the username
right on the root object there.
And so I'm just going to
do this quick and dirty.
I'm not going to do a bunch
of elaborate checks or guards
or anything about things
being undefined or whatnot.
I just want to demonstrate
how this works.
So I'm going to write
two templates, one
that displays a loading
message and one that displays
the username just
assuming that everything
works and is fine and dandy.
If it doesn't, though, inside
of sign-up-form, for instance,
you could have--
or sorry, inside of this
instant actions behavior here,
signupWithTimeout, you could
have error handling inside
of here.
You could dispatch an error
state action or something
like that as well.
This is where you
would do that work.
But in our case, we're just
going to keep it pretty simple.
I'm going to make a
couple dom-if templates.
So I say template is
dom-if if we are loading.
Then we're just going to
have a little paragraph.
Whoa.
That is way more
than a paragraph.
We'll just have a
little paragraph there.
There we go.
That says loading dot dot dot.
And then we'll drop
in another template.
Is dom-if if we have a username.
Drop in another paragraph.
And we'll just say
welcome username.
Like that.
So again, I'm not doing a
bunch of fancy error checking
or anything like that.
But I just want to demonstrate
how this thing works.
Let's go back to our index file.
We're going to uncomment
these elements.
We're going to make sure
notification bar is in.
We're going to make
sure sign-up-form is in.
We'll make sure we've got
both of them down in the body.
And then note here in my
script tags what I'm doing.
I'm pulling in web
components like JS.
I'm pulling in redux.
And I'm pulling in Redux Thunk.
Remember to pull
this in as well.
Don't wire all of
this up and then
be like, why the heck
is it not working?
So make sure you pull
in Redux Thunk as well.
And now I think we've
got everything set up.
Let's go over here
and refresh the page.
I'll zoom this in
so you can see it.
So I'll open the console
in case something explodes.
That's always good to
see if that happens.
So what we want to
happen is someone's
going to type in their username.
They're going click Sign Up.
It'll put the app
in a loading state.
And then for three seconds--
because we got that
setTimeout in there--
it'll just say loading.
And then eventually, it'll
come back and it'll say welcome
and whatever username we type.
So we'll say, put in Bobdod.
Bobdod.
There we go.
Sign Up.
And nothing happens.
It's totally broken.
Where did we go wrong?
Oh.
Let's see.
So the this.dispatch.
signupWithTimeout.
Username.
So let's see.
Let's just make sure that
this is even being called.
So we'll log username.
Make sure that's being called.
So Bob.
Sign Up.
OK.
That part's working.
Right.
Let's make sure in
our redux store.
Actions, signupWithTimeout.
Oh, oh, oh.
I knew it.
So our notification
bar here, I totally
forgot to mix in the behaviors.
I always do this.
So I want to pull in
this ReduxBehavior.
It does not need the
AsyncActionsBehavior
because it's not
dispatching any actions.
It's just going to be
displaying whatever we type in.
So let's try this again.
So we'll say Bobdod.
Say Sign Up.
It says loading.
Tick, tick, tick,
tick, tick, tick boom.
Welcome Bobdod.
So there you have it.
That is a very easy way to
add asynchronous actions
to your Redux Polymer app.
I'll include some links down
in the show note for some more
information on Redux
Thunk, because it's cool,
but it's also another
big topic that
is outside of the scope for
us to explain in this show.
But I'll definitely give
you some reading material
so you can learn more about it.
As always, if you
have questions,
you can leave them for
me down in the comments
or hit me up on a social
network of your choosing
at hashtag #AskPolymer.
And as always, thank you
so much for watching.
I'll see you next time.
Hey, folks.
What's up?
It is Rob.
Thank you so much for
watching this episode.
If you'd like to see some
more, we got some over there
in the playlist.
And as always, you can
click the little Subscribe
button to keep getting
content every time
we push it up to the channel.
Again, thank you so
much for watching.